CS201 Lab 1 INSTRUCTIONS
-------------------------------

Your code should accept user input in the form of 8 hexadecimal digits.
Your code will interpret those 8 digits as an IEEE 754 32-bit floating point
number and will print out information about that number. Do not worry about bad
input. You do not need to check for bad input.

Use scanf to get the user input. Your code should accept input with or without
"0x" in front of it (scanf does this).

For each number, your code should print out:

    * the sign bit
    * the exponent bits, expressed as a decimal number
    * the fraction bits, expressed as an 8 digit hexadecimal number

Here is what your code should print out for the various types of floating point
number:

    * normalized
        the word "normalized" and the true exponent
        (i.e. the power to which 2 will be raised in computing the numerical
        value of the floating point number)
    * denormalized
        the word "denormalized" and the true exponent
    * infinity
        "+infinity" or "-infinity"
    * zero
        "+zero" or "-zero"
    * NaN
        "SNaN" or "QNaN"

Your program's output should be formatted exactly as shown in asgmt01p.output.txt
(including uppercase vs. lowercase). Use %X for formatting hex output, NOT %x.

Your program should exit when user input that results in a zero value is
entered, after printing the information for that zero input.

Start with file a01p.c, contained in this directory.

Upload your work as a01p.c.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

REQUIRED PLATFORM

I grade your code on syccuxas01.pcc.edu. Your code is required to compile and
run correctly on that machine.


GRADING YOUR CODE

Your code needs to compile without errors or warnings and run correctly. Code
that does not compile will receive zero points. Code that crashes will receive
zero points.


TO SUBMIT THIS ASSIGNMENT

Submit the requested file to Desire2Learn.

    * Be certain to check that you completed the upload successfully. After you
        click the Upload File button, you must also click the SUBMIT ASSIGNMENT
        button. This is very easy to forget. If you do not do this, I will not
        see your work and you will get a grade of zero for the assignment. I
        would recommend entering an email address so you can be notified that
        the upload was completed successfully.
    * You may upload as many versions as you wish prior to the due date. I will
        only see and grade the final one. You will not be able to upload
        assignments after the due date.


